DOC: Add "build C extensions" note (#46055)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/development/contributing_environment.rst

**Docker Commands**

Build the Docker image::

    # Build the image pandas-yourname-env
    docker build --tag pandas-yourname-env .
    # Or build the image by passing your GitHub username to use your own fork
    docker build --build-arg gh_username=yourname --tag pandas-yourname-env .

Run Container::

    # Run a container and bind your local repo to the container
    docker run -it -w /home/pandas --rm -v path-to-local-pandas-repo:/home/pandas pandas-yourname-env

.. note::
    If you bind your local repo for the first time, you have to build the C extensions afterwards.
    Run the following command inside the container::

        python setup.py build_ext -j 4

>     You might need to rebuild the C extensions if/when you merge your repo with upstream/main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You need to rebuild the C extensions anytime the Cython code in `pandas/core/_libs` changes. This most frequently occurs when changing or merging branches. 
```

Reviewer: Even better would be to separate out this into a new section, something like "Rebuilding the C extensions" and going into a bit more detail as to the why/how/when. But certainly okay to leave it here for this PR.

Author: 1) Is `pandas/core/_libs` right? Because such a folder does not exist. I think you mean `pandas/_libs`?

> Even better would be to separate out this into a new section, something like "Rebuilding the C extensions"... But certainly okay to leave it here for this PR.

2) That's a good idea. I can create a new issue if that is OK for you.

Reviewer: Yes, an issue would be great.

Author: >Yes, an issue would be great.

I created one.
